Fix node defaults (#3817)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/configuration/node.md

## `node.global`

`boolean = true`

> Is `false` for [targets](https://webpack.js.org/configuration/target/) `node`, `async-node` and `electron-main`.

Reviewer: Is it defaulting to `false` for these targets, or is it just `false` and you cannot override? If its defaulting to but still can be overridden by setting it to a different value, we should say so explicitly for all three occasions like so:
```suggestion
Defaults to `false` for [targets](https://webpack.js.org/configuration/target/) `node`, `async-node` and `electron-main`.
```

Author: It is defaulting to `false` and will be overridden when specified in the webpack-config. Your suggested wording is more explicit, I added it to the commit. :+1:

Reviewer: thank you! i didnt have time to double check so just asked :D
